{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23920\viewh13840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ================= Performance evaluation of Terapixel rendering in Cloud (Super)computing =================\
\
========= Description =========\
This project is about the EDA process of image rendering onto the cloud.\
The code used to perform the analysis is Python Programming Language\
The python code is run in Jupyter notebook.\
\
========= Files in Project =========\
1. Code - 220512619_CSC8634_Rishabh_Malik.ipynb     --> The code with some explanation in the form of .ipynb to run it later.\
2. Code - PDF - 220512619_CSC8634_Rishabh Malik.pdf --> The same code in .ipynb in .pdf format for ease of reference.\
3. Structured Abstract - 220512619_CSC8634_Rishabh_Malik.pdf --> The Structured Abstract with the Key images which give an outline to the main report.\
4. GIT_Log.txt  --> Log file with all the git commits\
5. ReadME -->  A readme file with all the instructions.\
\
========= Running the Code =========\
1. Download the three .csv files (raw data) using the below-given SharePoint link. A proper Newcastle University account is required.\
https://newcastle-my.sharepoint.com/personal/nmf47_newcastle_ac_uk/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fnmf47%5Fnewcastle%5Fac%5Fuk%2FDocuments%2FTeraScope&ga=1\
\
2. Move the downloaded .csv files into a particular folder and copy the location of the respective files.\
\
3. Open the "Code - 220512619_CSC8634_Rishabh_Malik.ipynb" file in jupyter Notebook and give the location of the .csv datasets in the python code cell 2. \
   The code looks like below.\
   Edit the location between the double quotes ("").\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 gpudf = pd.read_csv('gpu.csv')\
appdf = pd.read_csv('application_checkpoints.csv')\
taskdf = pd.read_csv('task-x-y.csv')\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4. In the Jupyter Notebook options bar select "Cell" and choose "Run All".\
\
5. Now all the code cells will give appropriate outputs.\
\
NOTE:\
=====\
This project has been developed and build/compiled on a MacOS machine. For Windows machine, the steps or encoding may change.}